The Handbook of R-BOX
==========================
**Preparation
  >>Choose a Wallet
You’d better register a wallet first, such as openblock.com and blockchain.info, which is online, then the address generated by it can be used to receive mining pool profits, or you can just use the address of your local wallet to receive profits. However, address in online exchange(s) are not suggested to receive profit for security.
  >>How to Use Your Wallet
Reference resources：
http://www.shroomery.org/forums/showflat.php/Number/19116760
Important note：2FA code (such as being generated by GAuth.), cell phone and security email are VERY VERY important to login and recover of your account.
**Hardware Support
  One 12V/5A adapter, and one mini USB line per unit.
  We’ll emerge one USB line and one barrel connector line in each box.
**Setting
If you use Windows XP system, at first you have to download Driver from http://www.silabs.com/products/mcu/Pages/USBtoUARTBridgeVCPDrivers.aspx
However, Win7/Win8 system don’t have to download the driver as above.
All of the Win7/Win8、XP system should set as following:
  Step 1. Download Software
Download address 1: https://github.com/rockminerinc/cgminer-for-R-BOX
  Step 2. Install Driver
	Connect power adapter and the USB line;
	Unpack the zip file named cgminer_windows.rar;
 
	Double click the file named zadig_xp_2.1.0,and click “Options” in menu list, tick “List All Device”
 
	Choose “CP2012 USB to UART Bridge Controller” in drop-down list:
 
	Click “Install Drive” and wait:
 
	After the driver installed successfully, you’ll see:
 
	Click “close”:
 
	Close the window and you did a good job now.
  Step 3. Set parameters
	Setting mining pool：open the folder named Cigminer, choose file named cg, which is a .cmd file:
 
	click right button of mouse, choose “edit” with Chinese name “编辑”:
 
	Change mining pool and wallet address. The default pool address of this cgminer version is eligius, that means you can just change wallet address to be yours if you are going to use eligius.
 
Very important: If the mining pool is not eligius, you should follow pools’ rule to set specs.
	Set chips working frequence. The effective range of working frequence is 270M, and you should save .txt when frequence’s been changed.
 
**Mining 
After double clicked the file named cg, R-BOX will work.
 
